NEWS for PR #4452 (#4465)
OpenDDS/OpenDDS: docs/news.d/msvc-stdcpp.rst

.. news-prs: 4452

> .. news-start-section: Additions
> - When using Visual C++, OpenDDS can now be configured using -std=c++NN (NN = 17 or 20).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. news-start-section: Platform Support and Dependencies
- When using Visual C++, OpenDDS can now be configured using ``--std=c++NN`` (NN = 17 or 20).
```

Author: @iguessthislldo this didn't work

```
KeyError: "Can't define a new main section named 'Platform Support and Dependencies'
```

Reviewer: Ah, I documented it as a main section:

https://github.com/OpenDDS/OpenDDS/blob/932dbb884da6434564c4ba07c35313ce61c7aef5/docs/internal/docs.rst?plain=1#L544-L545

but the news script doesn't have it as a main section:

https://github.com/OpenDDS/OpenDDS/blob/932dbb884da6434564c4ba07c35313ce61c7aef5/docs/sphinx_extensions/newsd.py#L13-L22

Guess we haven't tried to use it until now.

Reviewer: So the sections do need to be builtin so they have a builtin order, but I'm now wondering if it should reject unknown top level sections like this. Regardless, could you add the section for me? It's below Additions in the documentation, so maybe:

```python
 main_sections = { 
     'Additions': 100, 
     'Platform Support and Dependencies': 95,
     'Deprecations': 90, 
     'Removals': 80, 
     'Security': 60, 
     'Fixes': 40, 
     'Documentation': 20, 
     'Notes': 0, 
 } 
```
